Q1) If you have worked on a research project, either for your first degree or subsequently, please describe your work below; your account should be intelligible to anyone who is not a specialist in your field. If you have no such research experience, leave this space blank; a blank entry will not prejudice your application. PLEASE DO NOT COPY AND PASTE FROM A WORD OR SIMILAR DOCUMENT, BUT TYPE DIRECTLY INTO THIS FIELD. (max 10 lines, each with a maximum of 130 characters - including spaces)

For the past one and a half years, I have been conducting research under the supervision of Professor John Kubiatowicz and Dr Juan Colmenares that revolves around Berkeley's very own ManyCore OS; Tessellation. In conjunction with a graduate class project, my work in this project began with implementing its Quality of Service (QoS) guarantees in Linux. Additionally, I ported the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface (ACPI) to Tessellation, collaborating with a post-doctoral researcher from NEC, and helped in improving the Tessellation QoS models. When the paper deadlines were approaching, my focus shifted to implementing and automating the process of running the experiments followed by parsing the results and constructing the graphs. My contribution to the project has resulted in a poster presented at HotChips 2011 and two publications that are submitted to EuroSys 2012 and CATA 2012 which are currently in-review.

Q2) Title and statement of your research degree proposal, or reason for wanting to undertake the course. The Department to which you are applying may in addition require a separate, more detailed, research proposal; check the online Qualifications Directory for further information.

With the advent of cloud computings and ManyCore hardwares, there are a lot of interesting areas that opened up in computer science

As cloud computing is becoming more prevalent,

Q3) You may write here your non-academic activities or any special circumstances not evident from other answers in this application, that you wish to draw to the attention of the assessors of your application. The Department to which you are applying may require a CV to be submitted with your application, check the online Qualifications Directory for further information. If you are seeking funding from the Cambridge Trusts, you will be asked to give more details of your achievements in a separate section.

Beyond research and coursework, I have been involved with education too. I was a tutor in multiple subjects such as Math and Computer Science in high school and college. Here at UC Berkeley, I have served in the HKN EECS honor society committee to hold tutoring hours for EECS undergraduates. However, my most significant teaching experience was as a teaching assistant for an upper-division operating system class taught by Professor John Kubiatowicz since it is highly relevant to my research and my future dream of becoming a professor. Additionally, I have engaged extensively in leadership activities. In college, I have established a soccer club in there, served as an IT officer in the Alpha Gamma Sigma honor society and more recently, served in the HKN EECS honor society at Berkeley for 3 semesters now as a computing service officer that maintained the club's website and server.

Q4) Please give an outline of your future career plans and intentions and explain how your proposed studies in Cambridge will help to achieve these aims.

In the long-term, I hope to be able to exercise my knowledge in order to ameliorate the quality of life in the developing countries. With the advent of newer computing technologies, there are a lot of things that could be improved such as better network infrastructures to better interconnect the people. This requires me to be aware of the latest advancements in the area of computer systems. Thus, I believe that the MSc program at Cambridge is the best match for my interest since the systems research group has many relevant projects and world-renowned researchers.

If you wish to apply for a Gates Cambridge Scholarship, please describe below – in not more than 500 words – how your interests and achievements, both academic and extra-curricular, demonstrate a capacity for leadership and a commitment to improving the lives of others. Please also set out why you think there is a good fit between your professional aspirations and the graduate programme at Cambridge for which you are applying.



Scholarships offered by the Cambridge Commonwealth Trust and the Cambridge Overseas Trust (except Cambridge International Scholarships, which are considered on academic merit only) are dependent on demonstrated financial need and academic ability and potential. Please explain – in not more than 500 words – why you believe you should be considered for a scholarship. When completing this section, please indicate which scholarships you wish to be considered for and explain how you meet any specific requirements listed on the Trusts’ website (www.cambridgetrusts.org). Please also note that some scholarships require you, in addition, to make separate applications. Full details are on the Trusts’ website. CCT and COT may also require evidence from you to support statements about your financial circumstances.





    Interning at Qualcomm presented a distinctive challenge in planning and coordination within a large team setting. The codebase that I was working on is stupendous and intricate since my project was centered around the development of the latest android camera device drivers. In the beginning, my colleagues and I were struggling with the same bug without being aware of each other's efforts. As time progresses, we were able to coordinate much better and ensure that none of our efforts were duplicated. As the deadline of my project was looming, development accelerated considerably due to our team play. In the end of my internship, I contributed substantially to the implementation of several complex features in the device driver such as 3D snapshot & auto-flicker detection, fixed a lot of bugs in the system and assisted Qualcomm's customers on the details of our code. Having the fruits of my project being employed by prominent companies such as Samsung confirmed its relevance to real-world problems which I hope to continue at <SCHOOL>.

    Additionally, I believe that teaching is an integral part of conducting research. A discovery is far from complete if one does not also find a way to present and elucidate it to others. Even more importantly, organizing a vast array of result for presentation is a crucial skill that a researcher must share with a teacher, since without it, the researcher cannot gain a clear sense of direction of his work.

    My early experience with students came as a tutor in multiple subjects such as mathematics and computer science when I was in high school and community college. Here at UC Berkeley, I've served in the HKN EECS honor society committee to hold tutoring hours for EECS undergraduates. However, my most significant and enjoyable teaching experience was as a teaching assistant for an upper-division operating system class taught by Professor John Kubiatowicz. I lead the discussion sessions and graded the projects and exams. Yet, the interesting aspect of it is during which I was holding design reviews for the projects since there are big project components to the course. It's fascinating to observe how different students perceive the projects from different angles. Having to lead them to solve the projects without telling them exactly how to do it is a challenging, but intellectually rewarding task.

    During my time as an undergraduate, I've exposed myself to materials pertaining to computer systems. Being given the opportunity to lead paper discussions in my research meetins and the graduate system classes that I've taken have also ameliorated my critical thinking skills on pinpointing the open problems that currently exist in the area of computer systems.

    I look forward to continuing my research career as a PhD student. In the long-term, I wish to remain in academia as a professor that contributes to the development of education and research community. I believe that the <SCHOOL>'s PhD program is the best match for me to realize my ambition. Given my background, I believe that I am in a good position to make crucial contribution in such pursuits.
